Ruyan Liu, you are not dead
Fortunately, Mr. Ye is sitting
It fixed my eyes.
Mr. Ye is not only my benefactor
It is also the great benefactor of my Liu family
Wang Jia
Wang Qian
get to know
My name is Ruyan Liu
One of Ye Yan's fiancées
Yunzhou two families this favor
Why did it fall on Ye Yantou?
Hey sister
You can't divorce your brother-in-law now
Brother-in-law is in full swing now
In your marriage, they let it go and it's over
Ye Yan's mother just said angry words
Don't take it to heart.
Do you really have the heart to leave Qianqian and Yaoyao? Mom
Wrong mom apologize to you
Leaf inflammation
It's my fault
We plan for the long term
I also forgive your vexatiousness.
We're going to stop there.
Xuan Liang, sorry.
signature
Contract takes effect
I leaf inflammation
Clear out
Are you finished?
Do you have to cause my Wang family to perish?
Will you give up?
Don't you have any conscience?
You forget who adopted you and who took care of you
Do you have to make me kneel before you give up?
The queen's family is the total god
Even if you kneel
You have no hesitation
The voice is familiar
But identity still has to go further
50 million
Take it as a farewell gift from my Liu family to your Wang family
In addition, I will send another 30 million
The cost of treatment for Ye Yan's sister
I'm like a cigarette pack
Thank you for sparing Ye Yan
Thank goodness too
Let me pick up a big waste
Let's go. Civil Affairs Bureau
Wait for me in the car.
Well, didn't you say go to the Civil Affairs Bureau?
Why did you come to the auction house?
Could it be that Liu Ruyan said to get married?
It's just a way to help.
Then since you are here
otherwise
This card is sold